Beginer Item is NOt a curse mod. Because i am just a novice modder and try to... create a unique but simple Ai for the boss,and because i am 
so bad at sprite boss and item. It will be update in the future, because it is a mod aim to help at the begining of your jouney,with easy 
 potion crafting recipe, and a powerful Town Npc to protect your town while also sell pretty good supply. and about the boss...fight it 
if you want. it drop VinhGift,a powerful melee and magic accessory. To summon the boss,Craft the item CallTheDespair(gel and wood).(note : the boss look
really...stupid,and it is very difficuft to fight agianst it in expertmode,so prepare well before you fight it)

0.2 = Change spirte for the boss,and add one more behavior
0.3 = add more behavior for boss (it will shoot more funny thing,but it will has less hp)
0.4 = Add CoralBow (Craft from Coral and coweb) and a PIckAxe? (it is both,and it can be craft with Ruby and cobweb,also it pretty fast,so it
will help you speed up your progress early game
0.5 = add new accessory 'VinhGift' ,Drop only when you defeat Vinh on expertmode. it will giant a huge boost to your melee and magic stats,
increase minion slot. But Vinh also get buffed . You must worthy enough to have this accessory
0.6 = Vinh now have 4 different phrase : the first one,he will fly toward you ,then if you too far from him,he will stop and shoot some
random projectile,then repeat. the second phrase occur when he 50% or less HP,he will rapidly shoot laserbeam,also gain a bit of defense, but he will fix himself in the
sky. the third phrase is when he has 20% hp or less,he will gain a lot of DEF and fly faster. The last phrase is when his hp is 10% or less,
he will summon eye of cthulu to fight with him,also gain great amount of defense.
0.7 = add new 1 projectile,1 ammo, and 1 buff
0.8 = add new lore to Beginner helper,the town npc of this mod,also make him sell more loot,and he also has a new buff button
0.9 = add 1 new boss,Tian. he has a complely different Ai from Vinh when down to 50% health and drop 1 TianGift in Expertmode,which is a very
powerful accessory that support range and summoner player. you can summon this thing by using CallofJoy (1 tomestone and 1 piano,craft at
workbench)
0.10 = now the two boss of this mod appear in boss checklist. i am working on their new sprite , will be done soon